[llvm-objcopy] Fix prints wrong path when dump-section output path doesn't exist (#125345)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/ReleaseNotes.md

Changes to the LLVM tools
---------------------------------

> - llvm-objcopy now correct path in error message when section output path doesn't exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- llvm-objcopy now prints the correct file path in the error message when a section specified by --dump-section doesn't exist.
```

Author: > LGTM, with the suggested change to the release note to be more specific and grammatically natural/correct. Do you need me to merge for you?

I can merge the PR, once merged I can cheery pick it to release branch

Author: > "llvm-objcopy now prints the correct file path in the error message when the output file specified by --dump-section cannot be opened."

I updated the release note with this message

Changes to the LLVM tools
---------------------------------

- llvm-objcopy now prints the correct file path in the error message when

> the output file specified by --dump-section cannot be opened.

Reviewer 2: IIRC the wrapped line should be indented in markdown

If this is going to be merged into release/20.x, then this could be removed to avoid a merge conflict.

Author: Thank you, I will remove it from this PR and merge after CI become green, then open pr to put it on release
